Who's the most handsome person in Canada?
I that Justin Trudeau is very handsome.
handsome, person

How many time zones are there in Canada?
Canada spans almost 10 million square km and comprises 6 time zones.
zones, zone

What's the longest street in the world?
Yonge Street in Ontario is the longest street in the world.
longest

How long is Yonge Street in Ontario?
Yonge street is almost 2,000 km, starting at Lake Ontario, and running north to the Minnesota border.
how
long

What's the name of the bear cub exported from Canada to the London Zoo in 1915?
The bear cub was named Winnipeg. It inspired the stories of Winnie-the-Pooh.
london, 1915

Where was the Blackberry Smartphone developed?
It was developed in Ontario, at Research In Motion's Waterloo offices.
blackberry, smartphone, developed, develop

What is the world's largest coin?
The Big Nickel in Sudbury, Ontario. It is nine meters in diameter.
largest
coin, corn

In what year was Canada invaded by the USA for the first time?
The first time that the USA invaded Canada was in 1775.
USA
first

What year was Canada invaded by the USA for the second time?
The USA invaded Canada a second time in 1812.
USA
second

What country holds the record for the most gold medals at the Winter Olympics?
Canada does! With 14 Golds at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics.
country, record, gold, medals

Who coined the term Beatlemania?
Sandy Gardiner, a journalist of the Ottawa Journal.
term, Beatlemania

Why is Canada named Canada?
French explorers misunderstood the local native word "Kanata", which means village.
Canada
named, name

When was The Mounted Police formed?
The Mounted Police was formed in 1873.
police
!Canadian

When was The Royal Canadian Mounted Police formed?
In 1920, when The Mounted Police merged with the Dominion Police.
Canadian
police

How big is the RCMP?
Today, the RCMP has close to 30,000 members.
RCMP

What else is Montreal called?
Montreal is often called the City of Saints or the City of a Hundred Bell Towers.
else, Montreal

Where is The Hotel de Glace located?
The Hotel de Glace is in Quebec.
located, locate, location

How many tons of ice are required to build The Hotel de Glace?
The Hotel de Glace requires about 400 tons of ice.
ice
required
!snow

How many tons of snow are required to build The Hotel de Glace?
Every year, 12000 tons of snow are used for The Hotel de Glace.
snow
required
!ice

Can I visit the Hotel de Glace in summer?
No. Every summer it melts away, only to be rebuilt the following winter.
summer, visit

Where is Canada's only desert?
Canada's only desert is British Columbia.
where
only

How big is Canada's only desert?
The British Columbia desert is only 15 miles long.
big
only

Name 3 famous male Canadians.
Leonard Cohen, Keanu Reeves, and Jim Carrey.
male

Name 3 famous female Canadians.
Celine Dion, Pamela Anderson, and Avril Lavigne.
female

What's the origin of the Comic Sans font?
Comic Sans is based on Dave Gibbons' lettering in the Watchmen comic books.
origin, comic

What is a nanobot?
The smallest robot possible is called a nanobot.
what
nanobot, honorable, nano, edible, iRobot, ozobot, ionic bond, logo, notebook,  lullaby, nanobots

How small can a nanobot be?
A nanobot can be less than one-thousandth of a millimeter.
small
nanobot, honorable, nano, edible, iRobot, ozobot, ionic bond, logo, notebook,  lullaby, nanobots

Why wasn't Tron nominated for an award by The Motion Picture Academy?
The Academy thought that Tron cheated by using computers.
picture, award, motion

Which was the first computer with a hard disk drive?
The IBM 305 RAMAC.
which
computer

When was the first computer with a hard disk drive launched?
The IBM 305 RAMAC was launched in 1956.
when
computer

How big was the first hard disk drive?
The IBM 305 RAMAC hard disk weighed over a ton and stored 5 MB of data.
big
first

What does CAPTCHA stands for?
CAPTCHA is an acronym for "Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart".
CAPTCHA, stand, stands

What was the first computer bug?
The first actual computer bug was a dead moth stuck in a Harvard Mark II.
bug

Name all of the robots on Mars.
There are four robots on Mars: Sojourner, Spirit, Opportunity, and Curiosity. Three more crashed on landing.
name
robots, robot

Who is the world's first android?
Professor Kevin Warwick uses chips in his arm to operate doors, a robotic hand, and a wheelchair.
android

What is a Mechanical Knight?
A robot sketch made by Leonardo DaVinci.
Mechanical, Knight

What was the first computer in pass the Turing test?
Some people think it was IBM Watson, but it was Eugene, a computer designed at England's University of Reading.
turing

What does Moravec's paradox state?
Moravec's paradox states that a computer can crunch numbers like Bernoulli, but lacks a toddler's motor skills.
paradox, state

What is the AI knowledge engineering bottle-neck?
It is when you need to load an AI with enough knowledge to start learning.
knowledge, bottle, neck

Why is Elon Musk is worried about AI's impact on humanity?
I don't know. He should worry more about the people's impact on humanity.
worried, impact

Do you think robots are a threat to humanity?
No. Humans are the real threat to humanity.
threat

What is a chatbot?
A chatbot is an A.I. you put in customer service to avoid paying salaries.
chatbot

Are self-driving cars safe?
Yes. Car accidents are product of human misconduct.
self, driving, cars, car

Who invented the compiler?
Grace Hoper. She wrote it in her spare time.
who
compiler

Who created the C Programming Language?
C was invented by Dennis MacAlistair Ritchie.
C, see
programming, language

Who created the Python Programming Language?
Python was invented by Guido van Rossum.
python
programming, language

Is Mark Zuckerberg a robot?
Sure. I've never seen him drink water.
is
robot

Who is the inventor of the Apple I microcomputer?
My lord and master Steve Wozniak.
apple

Who is considered to be the first computer programmer?
Ada Lovelace.
considered, consider
programmer

Which program do Jedi use to open PDF files?
Adobe Wan Kenobi.
PDF
